Validation and serialization (#2023)
fastify/fastify: docs/Routes.md

* `onSend(request, reply, payload, done)`: a [function](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/blob/master/docs/Hooks.md#route-hooks) called right before a response is sent, it could also be an array of functions.
* `onResponse(request, reply, done)`: a [function](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/blob/master/docs/Hooks.md#onresponse) called when a response has been sent, so you will not be able to send more data to the client. It could also be an array of functions.
* `handler(request, reply)`: the function that will handle this request.

> * `validatorCompiler(method, url, httpPart, schema)`: the function that build the schema for the validations. See [here](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/blob/master/docs/Validation-and-Serialization.md#schema-validator)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `validatorCompiler(method, url, httpPart, schema)`: function that builds schemas for request validations. See the [Validation and Serialization](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/blob/master/docs/Validation-and-Serialization.md#schema-validator) documentation.
```

> * `serializerCompiler(method, url, httpPart, schema)`: the function that build the schema for the serialization. See [here](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/blob/master/docs/Validation-and-Serialization.md#schema-serializer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `serializerCompiler(method, url, httpPart, schema)`: function that builds schemas for response serialization. See the [Validation and Serialization](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/blob/master/docs/Validation-and-Serialization.md#schema-serializer) documentation.
```
